# These are JPMorgan’s favorite stock picks heading into November
**Brian Evans**

**2023-11-01 14:20**

**https://www.cnbc.com/2023/11/01/these-are-jpmorgans-favorite-stock-picks-heading-into-november.html**

JPMorgan Chase parted with four stocks in its list of favorite picks heading into November, including an upscale athletic retailer. The bank made a single addition for November on its Analyst Focus List, highlighting food service stock Aramark . The list encompasses JPMorgan's best stock ideas across three categories: growth, value and short investment ideas. JPMorgan removed athleisure retailer and clothing company Lululemon in November, as well as uniform provider Cintas . Lululemon stock has climbed 20% so far in 2023. Analyst Andrew Steinman said that while JPMorgan still favors Cintas over the long-term, "we presently see greater valuation dislocation elsewhere." Cintas stock has risen 12% from the start of the year. The bank also removed mortgage company NMI Holdings from the focus list, as well as oncology firm Revolution Medicines . Analyst Richard Shane noted that NMI has been an outperformer since the start of the year and has surpassed its coverage targets, with shares adding 31% from the start of 2023. Analyst Eric Joseph said the catalyst underpinning Revolution's inclusion on previous focus lists has already come to fruition and was behind the removal. Here are other names that made JPMorgan's list. Other stocks on the focus list include Capital One , included as a value stock, with a $111 per share price target. Analyst Richard Shane's forecast implies roughly 10% upside from Tuesday's $101.29 close. COF YTD mountain Capital One stock. In tech, JPMorgan kept ecommerce retailer Amazon as well as Microsoft on recommended growth picks. Analyst Doug Anmuth's $190 per share price target on Amazon implies nearly 43% upside from Tuesday's $133.09 close. Shares of Amazon have surged 60% in 2023. AMZN YTD mountain Amazon stock. On Microsoft, analyst Mark Murphy forecasts about 14% upside with a $385 per share price target. Microsoft stock has climbed 43% since the start of 2023. --CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed reporting.