# Stocks making the biggest moves midday: Estee Lauder, Yum China, Paycom Software and more
**Lisa Kailai Han**

**2023-11-01 16:22**

**https://www.cnbc.com/2023/11/01/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-midday-estee-lauder-yum-china-paycom-software-and-more.html**

Check out the companies making headlines in midday trading. Advanced Micro Devices — The stock added 8% after the chipmaker beat analyst expectations for its third-quarter earnings . The company also offered positive 2024 guidance for artificial intelligence GPU revenue. Generac — The generator builder popped more than 15% after topping Wall Street's third-quarter estimates. Generac reported earnings per share of of $1.64 on revenue of $1.07 billion. Analysts polled by LSEG expected a profit of $1.51 per share on revenue of $1.04 billion. Estee Lauder — The cosmetics company plunged more than 17% after reporting disappointing quarterly earnings. Estee Lauder also lowered its full-year earnings per share guidance to a range between $2.17 and $2.42, versus its previous guidance of $3.50 per share to $3.75 per share. CVS — The pharmacy chain stock shed 2% in midday trading after CVS' medical benefit costs came in 1% higher than estimates, despite the company beating both expected third-quarter earnings and revenue. Humana — Shares declined more than 4% after the insurance company lowered its full-year guidance for earnings per share. Third-quarter earnings per share came in above consensus, however. Match Group — The dating services company plummeted 16% after issuing guidance for its fourth-quarter revenue that was weaker than analysts expected. Yum China — The fast food restaurant conglomerate dipped more than 20% after its third-quarter revenue came in at $2.91 billion, under the $3.06 billion expected by analysts polled by LSEG. DuPont de Nemours — Shares of the chemical company shed more than 6% DuPont's third-quarter revenue came in at $3.06 billion, lower than the $3.15 billion expected by analysts polled by LSEG. Garmin — The technology company added 10% after its third-quarter revenue came in at $1.28 billion, versus the $1.21 billion expected by analysts polled by FactSet. The company also raised its full-year revenue guidance to $5.15 billion, versus its prior estimate of $5.05 billion. Paycom Software — Shares of the HR and payroll company dropped more than 36% after Paycom's third-quarter revenue came in light of expectations. The company's fourth-quarter revenue guidance was also less than estimated. Trimble — The technology and software stock shed 13% after Trimble's third-quarter revenue came in below estimates. Additionally, the company lowered it full-year guidance for both revenue and earnings per share, and announced that CFO David Barnes is set to retired from the company next May. Ford — The automaker stock rose 1% after receiving an upgrade to overweight from Barclays along with competitor General Motors. Barclays said both stocks are trading at historically low valuations. — CNBC's Jesse Pound and Samantha Subin contributed reporting.