# We're scooping up shares of this software giant on the belief cloud growth will soar
**Jeff Marks, Jim Cramer**

**2023-11-01 16:22**

**https://www.cnbc.com/2023/11/01/were-scooping-up-shares-of-this-software-giant-ahead-of-cloud-growth.html**

We are buying 50 shares of Oracle (ORCL), at roughly $105.18 apiece. Following Wednesday's trade, Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust will own 775 shares of ORCL, increasing its weighting in the portfolio to 3% from 2.82%. Software giant Oracle hasn't reported this earnings season — the company is so-called off-cycle, with its next release expected in December — but we believe recent industry commentary bodes well for the company and are, therefore, adding to our position. Across the cloud-computing landscape, revenue growth at Microsoft 's (MSFT) Azure accelerated in the third quarter, while revenue at Amazon 's (AMZN) Amazon Web Services stabilized during the period. Alphabet 's (GOOGL) Google Cloud missed on analyst expectations, but we expect it to be the outlier. Looking ahead, investors are waiting on the cloud industry to hit an inflection point and return to accelerating growth. When analyzing the surge in spending from mega cap tech companies on data centers and artificial-intelligence chips, it's clear demand will be strong for quite some time. And that tracks with recent statements from Oracle that demand is growing faster than its supply of chips can keep up with. As Oracle gets its hands on more chips from the likes of Nvidia (NVDA) and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), it will be able to book more and more business. Notably, Oracle stock is still trading a few dollars lower than the level it reached ahead of the company's AI Executive Forum event on Oct.19. The stock lost roughly 6% thereafter on investor concerns that the revenue contribution from AI workloads will take longer to recognize than previously thought. But as noted when we added to our position on Oct. 23, the sell-off was an overaction. Whether Oracle starts to see a meaningful contribution from AI in fiscal year 2024 or 2025 is up for debate. But either way, those gains are coming, giving us confidence in management's ability to deliver on its fiscal 2026 financial goals. With the stock down about 20% since just before Oracle reported fiscal first-quarter results in September, we continue to see the recent sell-off as a buying opportunity. (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long ORCL, MSFT, AMZN, GOOGL, NVDA. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade. Jim waits 45 minutes after sending a trade alert before buying or selling a stock in his charitable trust's portfolio. If Jim has talked about a stock on CNBC TV, he waits 72 hours after issuing the trade alert before executing the trade. THE ABOVE INVESTING CLUB INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY , TOGETHER WITH OUR DISCLAIMER . NO FIDUCIARY OBLIGATION OR DUTY EXISTS, OR IS CREATED, BY VIRTUE OF YOUR RECEIPT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTING CLUB. NO SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR PROFIT IS GUARANTEED.

A data center.

Erik Isakson | DigitalVision | Getty Images